- one fucking kids today fucking kids
today fucking kids today hasn't
everybody said that from the beginning
of time I bet k people were saying that
shit uh-huh it's just it is what it is
right every new group comes up they try
to re-establish themselves as smarter
you know there's the new group coming up
they're gonna change the rules I don't
know what's so wrong with how we turned
out you know I mean like we're a mess
I'm saying that from a like I mean every
I think every generation is better than
the next in terms of how like things
this is the best times I've ever been
for most people right but I'm saying
from like how we handle things
perspective things seem I'm like a fine
human being you seem like a fine him
like most human beings are fine and we
were raised quite I don't say
differently but a little better in my
perspective than like what's happening
now like what what is being corrected is
is strange to me so people that don't
know the story let's fill them in on
your story and how we got together so
you're doing a gig you're at Columbia
mm-hmm so a few months ago I got this
group called the asian-american Alliance
at Columbia University hit me up saying
hey you know we're big fans of your work
I was the first Indian ever write for
SNL and so they were like that was a
story in the Asian American Indian
community and so they hit me up in like
May or June like hey come we have the
show in November it's called culture
shock it's a big like fashion culture
event and I've done like tons of these
before you know cuz my sister and I we
both went to NYU but my sister like
helped put on these kinds of shows so I
would attend them and like I've seen
them ever since high school because I
went to high school in Parsippany New
Jersey which is like a hyper diverse
kind of place at least with like Asians
and Indian people and like I went to a
few in high school and got laid after
one of them when I was in high school so
they have like relations my lost my
virginity after one I'm so like it was
like they held a special place in my
heart and so
like I went thinking okay this is gonna
be fun and and they know who they're
getting in that you know the email said
we're fans of your work like we want you
to come do the show it's about like
representing agent identities and all
that I'm like dope and that's I get
there like 7:30 and I walk in and I'm
like okay I know all these kids I mean
they're like 20 or something but like I
know them I grew up with these kids you
know like Abigail's & pratik sort of
like I know all these guys right and
immediately my comic hat turns out I'm
like okay
the show itself the Energy's dope but
the show like acoustically I'm looking
okay it's a high ceiling
the lighting shit it's not set up for
like a comedy event but I still think
okay this is going to go well 8:30 8:45
I get onstage and I'm like I do some
Columbia stuff because I went to
Columbia for like a summer program I
started making fun of the kids a bit and
I say do I have to give like a trigger
warning almost like joking like do I
have to give a trigger warning because I
know you know that's a thing and I say
like be careful some of this might be
sexist some of this might be racist
you know just buckle up and one girl
boos and I'm like and I'm like well look
this is I literally said just listen to
the set on the way here and I said well
buckle up you know because this is the
real world or whatever and then I go
into material and about and it's going
well this is one story I want to dispel
like it I I will fully own a bomb if I'm
bombing I know I'm bombing I will tell
you I bombed before a billion times I'm
doing fine 60 70 percent of the set 17
minutes in I tell the joke where I say
effectively you know I don't think being
gay is a choice which is I don't think
it is at all but this is how you know
because there's gay black people and no
one's gonna choose to be gay if they're
already black right no one's doubling
down on hardship oh thank you
no no one's a funny joke thank you no
one like no black dude ever wakes up and
thinks you know what this black shit too
easy I'm gonna put on a Madonna halter
top and some Jordans and telling Indian
dude how to live his life that's not a
choice that's you born that way and and
that it bombs like this silence
complete silence and then I say you're
exactly who I expected to be as a crowd
and then I say the only person that
chooses this is also what wasn't print
is that the offensive part to me what I
think is offensive is the next part
where I say the only person that chooses
whether or not to be gay in a daily
basis is Mike Pence right we can all
agree that like I don't know if he's
getting that but no man hates
homosexuals that much if he himself is
not a homosexual he chooses not to be
gay every day and that gets some laughs
and applause and I'm like okay cool
and then I get back into it I'm rolling
for about another two or three minutes I
start talking to some I do a joke about
how my dad landed in Newark when he
immigrated to America some girls from
Newark she interrupts I start talking
her for like two minutes and that goes
terribly it's just like I'm trying to go
on fishing with her just trying to see
if I can get back into was she
interrupting I say I say I say a joke
worse and my dad let landed in Newark
back when he landed it was called Brick
City because if you hits if you looked
at someone wrong they'd hit you with a
brick right fine kind of throwaway line
this girl goes that's not true like well
yeah I'm like obviously I'm just kidding
but like I know where she's what she's
trying to do I'm just trying to talk to
her and I'm going trying to talk about
like trying to get back into material
and that's like probably minute 20 or
something and then out of my corner of
my left eye I see the three girls that
invited me to do the show initially in
May or June like gather and like that's
kind of strange I still talk to this
girl flike another 30 seconds and then
as I'm concluding my talking to her
because I realized that's not gonna go
anywhere they come onstage with
microphones in like one trench coat
they're just like they're like it's time
if the literally to say there's been a
change thank you to mesh there's been a
change in program you know we've
received from comments from members you
know we think that's enough stage for 20
something minutes at this point and it
was that one joke that did it so there's
it so I go I'm like I'm first I'm like
I'm not even mad at this problem just
like in shock I'm like this there's a
guy episode of Impractical Jokers I'm
just like what are you talking about
of 45 minutes left I'm slated to do an
hour and like really week and they say
yeah there's been comments like people
are upset or will offend it and I'm like
I feel like we're having a good time and
some of the crowd cheers and then I'm
like why do I got to go and one of the
girls goes the tech has to leave and I
look at the tech has this all on YouTube
like someone put the beauty video out of
this particular part and I go they'd
better be leaving because I could see I
could see the tech people and I'm
looking at them like you got a bounce
dude and she's attacked people meaning
the people that are coordinating the
electron yeah the tech cast the show
exactly look like whoever's running a
mic I don't need tech I'm not gonna
fucking pyro yeah what do mean the tech
has to go tech people up there coming up
with lies
yeah I mean I understand why she lied
because she's trying to say face and
that like going right and try I guess
not to embarrass me or whatever but I'm
like I'm not gonna believe that shit
that all fur you came out to be like the
tech has and then I go is it because the
tech has to leave or because I'm saying
some things that made people
uncomfortable
and one of the other girls goes there's
a we think there's a distinction between
being uncomfortable and being
disrespectful
don't use your big words on me but but
in my brain I'm like what what are you
talking about like I I don't think I've
been disrespectful at all and there are
some people who are like what the fuck
is going on majority of people like what
the fuck is going on and but like
there's a pocket of the crowd where the
three Asian American alliance leaders
and like the rest of the sort of crew
was like waiting and I think some of
them cheer when they like there's a
distinction between disrespectful and
being uncomfortable I'm like what do you
talk about have been disrespectful in
the slightest what are you talking about
and then one girl goes we think you're
not entitled to be making some of the
jokes are making and I'm like my trigger
word is entitled you know like I'm
thinking and at this point I'm like I'm
too almost in shock deer and headlights
kind of to like even processed anger I'm
just like now I'm just don't assess what
they're specifically saying like which
joke specifically and they're like we
think that gay in black joke
is particularly offensive whatever and
I'm like and then at this point I'm like
instead of explaining that the joke is
quite progressive I'm like I literally
got that joke from an audience member at
stand-up New York in like 2011 like I
remember the conversation distinctly
because it was such like one of these
sort of oh shit that's a good bit moment
right and I tell them that and they were
like you got it caught talking to a guy
yes so I was onstage and now used to
live in Hell's Kitchen in New York and
I'm in like there's like a gay black
constituency that would always like make
fun of me when I was like leaving my
apartment but like like ribbing you know
what I mean right and so like I'm trying
to talk about that on stage at stand-up
New York doing like a check spot or
whatever and I'm talking to the crowd
and then there's a gay black guy that
like heckled me and I start talking to
him and then at some point I'm like this
is how you know being gay can't be a
choice right and he he starts dying and
we have like a good rapport I'm like oh
perfect this is a great bit that I just
got right and so I tell them that and
they're like no you know there's been a
change bro he's like you have to go and
I'm like effectively I'm like like
you're wrong for what doing what you're
doing right now I'm I'm I'm a generation
older than you guys
I know comedy better than anybody in
this room so that's for goddamn sure and
I know disrespect and I've been through
a lot of shit like I know that what I'm
saying right now hasn't been offensive
in the slightest
and I say you can't isolate yourself
from the real world like this what are
you gonna do when when some real bad
shit happens in the world like if
someone actually does something that's
offensive like you can't handle things
this way if you silence someone that's
not it's not progress or whatever and
then they ask me if I have closing
remarks closing remarks and
underprepared so those it's hard to come
up with closing remarks I don't know or
on the spot I tried to save it I tried
to save it with a bit you know and it
fucking bomb
I'm like alright and just I'm like I'm
still talking and then they cut my mic
and I'm like really I'm like really you
cut my heart and then I'm like alright
thank you well put the mic down and I
bounce and then they try to then they
won't even let me talk to them backstage
like one one members like we gotta
escort you out I'm like yeah I'm six
foot one Indian dude like I don't need
escort from you tiny person like I'll be
fine I'm not here to fight anybody even
I was this is just that the movie so are
the escorting you out because they want
to kick you out are they worried about
your safety no they want to escort me
out because they want to take me out
right right right
and so I go to where I have a camera
crew there because I'm trying to film
every hour that I do and I go to them
and I'm like what the what just if you
watch youtube clip I'm like on stage
like I look at them I go to them I'm
like and then some of the members from
the Alliance try to talk to me like
we're so sorry that that happened like
you know that's not all of us are we
don't know what just happened and I'm in
my head I'm like thinking so much for
the Alliance part of this whole thing
right like I thought we're the same
people
I'm fleshly uh like we come from the
same place so there's no other jokes
they found offensive that was the only
one no that's what they said there's
there's there's like two or three things
that said like articles which I made the
mistake of just reading everything like
don't ever do that fucking it's just I
read everything and I'd like there's two
or three articles that say like I was
badgering to people in the crowd and
there's like one girl who like maybe two
or three minutes in like I talked to her
for crowd work like I asked where she
from was she doing whatever and the
cheater she gets up like she stands and
like Shels herself off to the crowd I
make fun of her for a little bit and
then this other girl the one the newark
chick that is like we get personal
because she reveals that you know her
father's not in her life with the
conversation just gets awkward it's not
she revealed that her father's not in
her I'm like she was I'm talking about
I'm talking to her like I was like what
are your parents do or whatever I should
I was she's like I don't know what my
dad doesn't like what do you mean he's
like oh I don't know him I'm like oh you
but you don't he's not in your life or
whatever he doesn't and she
yeah I was like okay I can sense that
she's uncomfortable now to pull my ask
her I was like are you uncomfortable and
she said no I'm like okay cool
I could just like make this worse and
then I'm like but I won't you seem like
a nice person that's when they came out
but the the people are apologizing to me
and I'm like I'm now on Mad now I'm like
once I leave the stage I'm now I'm livid
but I'm I know myself well enough to be
like I'm not gonna talk to anybody if
I'm angry because I'll just say some
wild shit like I don't I thought I could
have Bill Bird Philadelphia the whole
thing you know I mean this just went off
on all these people for like ten minutes
but the fuck is wrong really
but I just went I was like I gotta go
like I'm out and it took my crew and we
just we just walked straight out of this
fucking giant hall and and then like I'm
waiting for my car and people from the
show or like like apologizing not like
just audience members may yell we're so
sorry what that was fucked out that
should have happened you were doing
great whatever and then like I get in my
over to my next ship at Mike after this
I have to do another hour at another
show and we're UCB East and Laurie Saad
from from Columbia to Louis at second 30
40 minute ride and we hop in a car and
like I'm like first my text my agent
like this just happened and he's like do
not say shit until you get paid I'm like
that's probably the right move because
I'm about to just fucking Instagram
sounds like that's a real agent yes do
not say shit until you get paid I'm like
you're right man and I'm just like in my
head like man listening to like Drake
just like I gotta let enemies that kike
fucking everything that I think is wrong
that we hear as like a narrative of like
kids are soft all this kind of shit is
playing and like yes that's what it is
like and I'm thankful that my crew was
there because I'm too on venting to them
because if they weren't there I'd be on
some other shit and but as I'm checking
my Instagram because I'm like this is
definitely gonna be a fucking story on
Instagram at the very least mm-hmm I'm
like people are deeming me from the show
like yeah we're so sorry that that
happened it's so fucked up people email
me
the same shit I'm like was anybody
saying fuck you you shouldn't have been
there in the first place no no one said
that to me had a one girl who was the
sweet mate of one of the organizers DM
me and just like yelled at me basically
not just ever I wrote to her thank you
for your support like he feels just like
that she say she said I'll be fine do my
DMS just blow up is this Twitter
Instagram Instagram and she my
instagrams not up like I deleted from my
phone but she was affected from your
phone I do I check it in the morning and
I delete it and I check it at night and
I delete it again real I just fucking
hate saw when I was at SNL I worked on
an update and so like I was constantly
on my phone or on Twitter on it just
like checking news reading shit and like
it fuck it annoyed the shit out of me I
hate the news lo and behold I am the
news now for a bit but I got fucking I
hate the news it's all bullshit and like
being in this cycle right has confirmed
my belief that it's all fucking nonsense
but she effectively says I hope you
learn your lesson of respecting what you
were hired to do and respecting strong
young women check your fucking ego and
I'll just say I was I was like I took
all of me not used to be like just
eviscerate because I'm like I'm good
with well I'm not good a lot of things
but I can I can eviscerate somebody in
an Instagram the end and so I didn't say
shit to her besides thank you for your
support and but all these people are
messaging me like y'all were so sorry
that fucking happen and like I'm like
alright I'm not totally fucked with all
these kids and I go to this show you
should be east and like I'm taping the
out an hour so I can't even process but
what just happened because my instinct
to just talk about this immediately
right but I can't because I have to tape
this hour and so I get offstage I mean
the hour goes well and as I'm leaving
UCB East three kids that were at the
show at Columbia had come down from
Columbia and followed me to UCB East and
they came up to me and pologize in
person like we're so sorry that happened
like we love your set like we don't know
what the fuck is
and that took me that gave me like a
beat to be like alright you know like
maybe maybe everyone isn't this way
maybe it says the people that have the
fucking bullhorn that get to just say
whatever the fuck they want and silence
people that are like the minority but
they're like the the vocal minority
whereas like all these people that are
like actually on my squad are not as
vocal as they can be they're more like
quiet and apologize in person and so the
next day I don't think anything about it
but like the Columbia newspaper hits me
up like I get off I leave Columbia at
9:30 the Columbia newspaper hits me up
at 10:05 p.m. like hey do you have any
comment I'm like comment I'm hungry
how's that for a comment like I don't
well I'm not gonna talk to you right now
let me fucking process what's going on
the next day I'm still thinking about it
but I'm going down to open for Aziz in
Atlantic City and open for him that I'm
telling this story and he's he
immediately hits on the fact that it's
crazy that these kids came up to you and
apologized and I'm like I don't even
think about how insane that is because
I'm still mad but I'm thinking I'm
talking these kids like I'm talking to
Z's and just like that is kind of crazy
because it's so easy to buy into the
shit that everyone is a fucking soft
motherfucker and then I think about it
some more and I think about like all the
gigs I've done college wise before like
in the past year I've been lucky to know
I did like Texas I did a school in
Alaska I did school in Ohio to school in
Maryland and I've said much more
offensive shit like anti-trump shit in
the fucking redness of states and it's
all been fine you know like I've never
been kicked off stage before and so to
me like this
Columbia incident even the students
there seemed like the exception rather
than the rule of like everyone's a soft
person you know I mean does that make
sense
it doesn't make sense but what I think
is is young kids in particular that are
in a position of power right there
wanting something they have this idea of
how people should behave that they want
in their head and when you don't fit
that that mold then they just decide to
be outraged yeah that's what happened
here usually the context we said first
of all you're comedian right you're
obviously a guy would jokes about shit
right so that's not a you're not saying
anything negative about black people
more say about gay people right you're
essentially admitting that it's a
hardship mm-hmm I mean we all agree that
black people experience racism and gay
people experience homophobia everybody
agrees that yeah so that joke makes
perfect sense and it's funny
thank you I mean it's it's it's stupid
what they're doing is stupid yes like
but that's normal man
dude that's been go on forever I stopped
doing colleges a long time ago like the
early 2000s mhm
I did a college in Florida and I
remember thinking these they don't know
enough like this is not fun
like the only reason why I would do this
is for money because colleges pay a lot
of money yeah but they don't know enough
they're there I mean they should if they
if their 18 year old kids then get into
a club that has an 18 year old limit we
can get in at 18 they should do that and
then they'll be with other thirty year
olds and people with life yeah I don't
want I don't want to perform at the whim
of children and that's what these are
these are children who are engaging in
recreational outrage yeah they're
deciding to be outraged yeah that's what
it you know it felt like with with them
particularly it felt like like I grew up
fine I grow I think I grew up rich but
my parents had some money for a bit
before things went no like we're average
middle-class people but like to me it's
like I've been through some life and so
I know when people who haven't been
through life you get upset about you yes
it's always like the thing with Texas
and Ohio and Alaska is like these are
like the kids of blue-collar people the
people who have been through some shit
and maybe not even just blue-collar but
people have been through some kind of
life well a life experience where they
know that things aren't just like words
can't hurt but for the most part they're
fine it's like when like your fucking
dad loses his job well it's also it's
the intent of what you're trying to do
yeah like what are you trying to do you
trying to get laughs you telling jokes
and try to get laughs that's what you're
fucking hired to do yeah they take
the context of people forget that
comedian is a job that like I'm here
like it's not who I am as a human being
necessarily I'm I will go for funny
first oh yeah
funny over everything well you're a
fucking New York City comedian right you
have to write it's the only way it works
it's so it's so crazy what people I
think I don't know if kids have changed
or what I don't know they haven't
changed they just think that this is the
thing to do now mm-hmm look when I was
in when I was doing college is way back
in the day I was in my 20s I did a
college in Connecticut and right after I
did their call it I I was talking to the
kids I would do I would do my set and
then I would like open up for QA yeah
but it was I was probably 24 25 maybe
maybe 25 at the oldest so just a couple
years older than them okay and so it was
fun for me to talk to them about what
life is like when you actually have to
pay your own bills and you're out you're
out free and some guy goes you know you
got like I was doing the question thing
and some guy goes I go you know I lift
his hand because tell a joke I go tell a
joke and I go to Jews walk into a bar
they buy it
it's an old look in the street joke yeah
street joke after the show you know the
show goes great I say thank you really
appreciate you guys coming out it was
really a lot of fun thank you good night
so afterwards I was hanging around say
hi people and there was no picture
taking back things you had to have an
actual camera yeah I had a fucking
cameras a long time this is I'm 51 so
this is a 90 91 92 somewhere on that so
this one guy comes up to me goes the
joke he said about Jewish people's very
offensive I thought he was joking uh-huh
I know he's serious and he was yes very
offensive and he's like nervous and shit
and like has a hard time looking me in
the eye and I go dude I could think
about what the joke says it's about
Jewish people being really good at
business right walk into a bar they
decide to buy it
it's such a
offensive about it at all like it you
know what's crazy is like it's like
people now and maybe forever I've always
heard shit and they immediately think
this means if I'm thinking something bad
about this that means that someone is
saying I'm thinking bad about it they
decided this is a taboo subject even if
you're not even saying anything negative
about it like say if you do a joke about
interracial relationships
the best kind interracial raise you just
say it if you just do a joke about that
there are people that are gonna put red
flags up instantly and look to
misinterpret anything that you say on
purpose yeah because they don't want
they don't want that thought in their
head they don't want the thought of you
know like this guy's looking for
anti-semitism in that joke just walk
into a bar they buy there's none there
you could look all day long it's a joke
about Jewish folks buying stuff right
there's nothing a positive stereotype
it's like a big dick black guy Joe yeah
it's not negative there's nothing
negative about it nobody gets upset that
you think they have a big dick unless
they have a little let's have a little
dance it's a lot of that time it's it's
young people they're also flexing right
they're free from the control of their
parents and I find them you dealing with
that more in like rich or upper
middle-class families because I think
they're more hands-on with their kids
and more controlling and those kids get
free they want to exert their own
freedom and when they get free of their
parents they want to establish that
they're different and that they have
their own mind their own and then we're
part of the new generation and the new
generation is not gonna tolerate racism
sis hetero activity and they just decide
that they're gonna fucking put their
foot down but it's a pattern that
repeats itself over and over and over
again it's just today they have social
media this is the difference the
difference is they feel like they're
empowered because they get online in
other morons that are the same age as
them confirm with them you can just
confirm any belief that you want like
that's another lesson I've gotten from
this is just like confirmation bias is
like the wildest shit ever you can find
you could be like there's one lady who
wrote some shit I'm anti-gay and anti
black and other areas I'm like in the
comments yes this is clearly
this is clearly what he would say and
like with that you took that from my set
me I'm anti-gay and I don't think
there's a solution here yeah I've looked
at this hard for a long time now we need
safe spaces for comedians there's no
solution because you're dealing with
immature people in terms of like the
literally the development of their
frontal lobe they're not fully formed
yet how much do you think of it is like
I put it in my op-ed that I wrote but
it's like I was thinking about like how
much of it now is a function of the fact
that like we immediately get whatever we
want in our hands you know I mean like
there's instant gratification so there's
like instant kind of thought process
where there's no real thinking that
occurs it's more just like this comes
into my brain I hear gay black this has
to be yes this is wrong it's coming out
yeah for sure I mean if you say gay
black on stage today in a really liberal
very progressive environment you get
this thing you but you have to say
something like Pro super Pro gay and
super Pro black and it doesn't even have
to be a joke right like it you're better
off just going for that applause break
move comedian I mean we still want
roasts people want their comedians to be
their leaders that's what that's what it
feels like it is Wow
no people when I say people I mean like
this next group of of comedy don't
because the comedian's that are gonna be
their leaders aren't even gonna be funny
they're gonna fucking die to starve to
death you get once you get out in the
real world
uh-huh fuck man if you're not funny
you're fucked yeah nothing but like it's
like like if I went up there and I said
Asians are the shit and fuck whitey this
I woulda cry what I would have been out
on the fucking chairs they were talkin
carried me out like this is our
motherfucker but like that's the thing I
think like people want like I'm not a
hero man I'm not I'm just trying to be
heard you know well your comic yeah
trying to be funny yes that's all it is
this is a I really believe that this is
just a symptom of growing up and you
just giving these people the power to
express themselves where there's there's
no mature wiser person that's around
them that says hold on what
look at the context of what he's doing
right examine what he's doing and then
you're gonna apologize to him cuz this
is clearly a fucking joke
you hired a guy to tell jokes he tells
jokes and you say not that joke right
you know this specific thing is strange
because they're like it was like he did
not respect what the event was I'm like
hey I mean I'm not I'm not your mascot
here right yeah I mean I'm not this not
a pep rally dog I'm here to tell jokes
we weren't hired to do a speech about
this event right I'm here did my fucking
act I don't think they understand how
long it takes to write an act it's
that's the that's like another
conversation though I'm like comedy is
fucking the hard work I'm gonna just go
up there and just you know I think we
were all out last night I ran into you
you were at the improv as well right I
mean you were grinding Ray's fucking
shit up there trying new bits it's tough
and hoarding things listening to them
like all this didn't work then now I got
a restructure now now I'm gonna go back
and try to figure out how I can make
this gay black joke my friend my friend
started a hashtag challenge which I hope
no one picks up is getting the NEMA
challenge where if I'm on stage
somewhere you just come onstage and
brick the mic in the next month oh
Christ this is I really don't think this
is a big deal I just think this is a
there's a reason why all these different
comedians have been saying are John
Mulaney said this recently and I really
love John Mulaney yeah but I completely
disagree with them he said the reason
why comedians don't do colleges is
nothing to do with political correctness
has to do with the money that is not
true no he says that because his act is
really good and really clean essentially
do his act anywhere yeah it's an
excellent act I mean and but there's
other guys like that like Brian Regan
he's got an excellent act he could do
colleges anywhere yeah and yeah like any
half again yeah anywhere the the reason
why they
don't do colleges because the kids are
too fucking sensitive that's a hundred
percent the reason do you think that
they don't make money at colleges you
don't understand how much colleges okay
they pay a lot of money it's not it's a
lot of I think - a lot of comics this is
not worth the hassle it's not worth its
you know like it if I didn't need the
cash and I was like Jerry you know if I
was whatever like that the two and a
half weeks that I've spent like reading
the news and getting back in love
answering emails and getting back into
the shit of just like they said what
like if I didn't I would easily give
that up
but here here's the flipside this is
probably one of the best things has ever
happened you as a stand-up oh yeah
that's a gigantic national attention
it's the the two things every comic I
said is but why do you get paid yes and
do is a good press right you fucking
pricks you're gonna feel the same way
after time is sort of soothe the wounds
over oh yeah right now it's still raw
and fresh and you're still angry I'm
still getting shit from comics like
that's my that's been my whole that's
been my favorite thing about all this is
just comedians like talking shit about
like I'm or one of my friends post on
Facebook he said I mean who among us
hasn't wanted to snatch the mic out of
me meshes hang pieces of shit like let
me live me of course the bomb heard
around the world is my comic friends
that come to fuck you guys dude Jeff
Ross who set this up Jeff Jeff is the
one who connected us but yeah shout out
Jeff shout out to Jeff Ross Jeff said
something that I agree with so
wholeheartedly
he said I'm almost a comedian before I'm
an American
yeah and he said that what on this right
yeah yeah and I'm like yeah yeah it's
like this it's a rare person there's
only dude how many of us are there in
the whole country uh-huh is there even a
thousand like real legitimate working
ones I don't know man how many
headliners is there 500 there like legit
how many would you pay to see is it a
hundred yeah that's a good question see
a hundred dudes in the country maybe in
the world let me be honest yeah I might
pay to see two dudes outside of the
country International eggs yeah
dick fine lovely people yeah good luck
with that yeah
this shit's America it's it's I guess
yeah I mean I agree with Jeff heartily
it's like we're it's also like what he
said about the instant you see a comic
from even if they're like in England or
South Africa you see it you you
immediately have that kinship like yes
you're a comedian it's like you ever
watch a community cars when Chris and
Jerry do it I've never watched it oh
it's great I mean I just like I like I
like some of the interviews that he does
but Chris and Jerry have a moment where
they're talking about going to a party
and seeing each other and Chris comes up
to Jerry and just goes comedian you know
only two people that know each other and
it's like that's the kinship that I
think you have as a as a comic I forget
what are we talking about how do we get
on this well we're just talking about
guys giving you shit oh yeah I mean
that's that's the that's the best part
it's just like motherfuckers being like
you bomb and yeah I love it I love in
New York New York is special in that way
we're going York's extra mean cuz it's
cold
oh it's fucking brutal that's what it is
like la out here people are first of all
they're trying to get acting gigs the
Kissin ass and they're being fake and
then on top of that it's warm all the
time did you start and where'd you start
I started Boston right okay Boston New
York LA but I've been in LA I've been I
mean if you wanted to look at it on
paper although I always consider myself
a Boston comic yeah um
more of an LA comic than anything I've
been out here since 94 oh shit yeah yeah
let's think about the other day your
30-year guy yeah 30 years that's a long
time as your life your whole life as a
human you said you're onstage at cars in
1990 I was four yeah it was 92 know that
I'm thinking Oh 90 yeah somewhere around
I too but either way it's a long-ass
time and the crazy thing is dude you
still keep learning yeah like you still
keep learning like I'll still have a
weird set and I'll go ah why did I do it
that way
yeah well I'll have this idea in my head
let me flip this around and a fuck the
whole joke up like why did I say rescue
first I should say later yeah that goes
just go back to how much work this shit
is just you now you forget how fucking
much time you got to invest I got
two new babies right now not not real
babies out of real kids but I have two
new comedy baby even better and I'm
watering them yeah like right now like
oh I gotta give him some light I got to
make sure they get the right fertilizer
like right now I have two bits one bit
that's one day old I did it yesterday
for the first time I've been working on
it for a couple weeks I knew there were
some life to it yeah and I sat down I
wrote it out and I said okay want a free
ball this shit what's her process I have
over the last three or four year of four
years since actually five since I did my
Comedy Central special in 2014 I decided
to change my process right before that
because I decided that I needed to do
more specials because I went from I did
one in 2009 that I really liked then I
did one in 2012 that I have asked and
then I said okay because I wasn't doing
I wasn't at the store anymore and I
wasn't doing weekly sets so then I
realized okay there's a there's a very
distinct process in terms of the work
that you have to do first of all you
have to go up a lot look you have to go
up at least three or four times a week
you know excuse me three or four days a
week
and I would like to go multiple times a
night and I like to go to different
environments not just the store aisle
they like to do the improv I like to do
the Icehouse I like to do different
environments and then I have to write
write like sit in front of a computer
and write and I like to do it hi and I'd
like to do it sober I like to do it both
ways got it and George Carlin had an
interesting method that I think I'm
starting to adopt because I've been
doing it a lot lately even though it's
subconscious where I write out concepts
sober and then I fire up then I spark up
a joint and then I go over it again when
I'm high like the structure is already
there and then I'll start putting the
funny then after the writing part
there's like a lot of going over it and
thinking about it I try to give it a
little life before I bring it to the
stage then when I bring to the stage I
write it out on paper
I have to write it out on paper yeah
that's how I remember where my bullet
points are then recording always and
then review of the recording then
rewriting after the review the
according this process is like this is
my process yeah when I do it that way I
feel better I feel excited like last
night I came home I wrote till 2:30 in
the morning I came home at 12:30 I wrote
for two hours and by the time I'm like
falling asleep in front my laptop I shot
the laptop I know I'm done but I feel
good yeah I'm getting it in I know it's
happening like this is all live shit
you're working out yeah I go to bed I
feel good I've got a bed I'm like yes
like this is alive this bitch is alive
when you wake up and it's the first
thing you think about like oh yeah I got
this I got this new bill first time last
night and it did well at the comic store
but then it crashed at the improv whoo
this motherfuckers alive was a bit the
bit is about old people getting STDs in
nursing homes
put that what fuck yes that is a
phenomena you dick around if you're 85
years old
no one needs god I'm doing impressions
exactly so but then there's this other
bidder that I'm working on as well it's
a little bit older about the dude from
the missionary that got shot up by the
arrows by the uncontacted tribe of
course my people did that but they
emigrated from Africa 60,000 years ago
that's crazy talk to tribe but the point
being that the process for me it's the
most important thing I think or all this
stuff what it's really about is about
focus and attention focus and attention
thinking about that but the work in
terms of breaking it down there's a
there's a bunch of things that I think
comedians don't do that they really
should do and the number one thing is
writing actual writing writing like
sitting in front of a computer or
notebook and writing yeah most comedians
like to just have a bit and they work it
out upstage and they know how it works
and then they improve it the next set
and especially if you're doing like the
New York City trip were you doing like
to sell there and then you're doing the
stand that you're doing all these
different sets all around town and
you're doing a little short 10-minute
sets here and there like it's easy to
just kind of keep working on it just
keep working on it
but I think that the it's critic
to actually sit alone with the material
and just look at it look at it and try I
gotta make this quicker
what's a sneakier way to do this or what
else is in this that I'm missing and I
think that for me like III right now
like I just started doing like I was up
until like a year ago maybe eight months
ago I was of the brain I was like I'll
write a note I'll write a bullet lit but
bullet plant or whatever and I'll try to
work it out and then I'll write
something that I think is interesting as
a joke but like I saw you know opening
four Z's they're working with us on like
working with people that are like
crushing it their process is like
fucking they're maniacs when it did like
you were it's just like yes I have a
codified process this is exactly I'm
gonna do it this is what's worked for
like 10-15 years I long I've been doing
it and once I saw like that process I'm
like oh these motherfuckers I think I
work hard but these guys work fucking
crazy hard it's like sort of emulate
that process of like I got to set aside
at least 20 30 minutes a day where I'm
like literally right even if it's the
same thing over and over it's just like
okay how can I fix this this word
doesn't need to be there like and then
I'll say in my apartment to myself like
and I'll try to do like how I would do
it on stage because it's like I'm my
comedy I try to be conversational or at
least make it seem conversational so
it's like how can I seem relaxed while
doing this but still emphasize the right
word for that's the punchline or
whatever it is yeah and now that process
like and it's all repetition now but you
got to repeat the process to make it a
prize this is a thing you did once and
so now that's that's what I'm starting
to do now just physically fucking
getting up and you're like okay this I
got to write this bit out even though
it's a bit I don't like billion times
like there's something in there I got to
figure out yeah another thing to do that
really works well to sort of get it in
your head is a cork board to have a big
old bulletin board and put index cards
on none of the titles of your bits
mm-hmm and then I would put like index
cards underneath it that are like the
bullet points of that bit Oh kind of
like a storyboard for a movie kind of
shit step back and look at them and then
try to see if they make sense in order
like me maybe I should flip it around
maybe I should do the bit about the guy
getting bit by the dog before I do the
bit about the monkey yeah
the difference between being bit by a
monkey in it but it's like maybe it's
better to introduce this distrust of
animals because in this way or you know
who knows it's it's about attention
though that's the thing it's attention
and focus and these guys are you're
saying that work really hard it's not a
coincidence that those guys are killing
it yeah I mean it's there's something to
it and there's also the recognition when
you do start killing it like oh shit
this is rare like I'm in a rare spot I'm
filling it these gigantic places people
coming out to see me I'm doing Netflix
specials you got to work harder now yeah
you got to keep it up you got to keep it
up and you got to realize that you are
like Bill burr said something wants that
I think was really really like dead on
the money he said I know what it's like
to be disappointed by someone that you
go to see like you go to see a band
because I remember going when I see a
band when I was a kid and a half acid
and you know like you feel fucked over
it goes I don't ever want to do that to
my fans yeah I was like aha
yeah that's it like realize that you
used to be a fan and I'll think of your
fans as like what you how you would
experience you they don't want someone
phoning it in but yeah you know they
that's their night right that is their
night it came out to see someone they
loved and so you got a fucking earn that
love almost yeah yeah and take it so
expensive and they had to work to get
those tickets a lot of people doing jobs
they fucking hate and and cutting back
on other things to have enough money to
go out and have a few drinks yeah yeah
it's so there's a responsibility to it
but there's also a lot of people that
try to skirt that responsibility because
of the pressure of that responsibilities
kind of overwhelming you think about it
makes you nervous and you just start you
fuck off and you have acid but I'll be
fine yeah yeah yeah it's but that's like
college right it's like cramming for
tests yeah I think there's a lot of
people that study all year long and
there's a lot of people that half-ass it
up until the last minute and then they
just try to shove it all in all at once
it's a weird kind of confidence that you
need or delusional delusional confidence
we're like happy fun fucking and I admit
I've done that a few times where I've
just been like fuck out I'll work this
out it'll be straight but like the times
where I've like fucking sat and been
like this is the bit I got to do I got
to make sure I hit it the point where
I'll just bring the notebook onstage and
spec okay I got to make sure this this
goes the way I want it to go these
expression how you do anything is how
you do everything or how you do
everything is how you do anything mm-hmm
and that's there's something to that too
there's there's something to like not
allowing yourself to think of yourself
as someone who's a fuckup
yeah because as soon as you think I'm
just a fuckup you get that in your head
man and that's like the default setting
almost where it's like that's easy to do
it's human beings are like I think
people are hardwired to work but it's
also very easy to just not do that and I
believe that it'll be fine or fuck this
up like that it's a pressure alleviate
er as you put these expectations on
yourself
of success you know and there's a lot of
pressure involved in meeting those
expectations yeah and one of the best
pressure relievers is just fucking up so
you lower your own personal expectations
people drink in doing all that kind of
shit sabotaging your life there's a lot
of people that will sabotage their life
they start getting some success and then
the the panic overwhelms them and
they'll just start taking pills or go
fucking crazy I'm gonna lose this I'm
gonna fuck it up anyway yeah I know that
meant it's really normal yeah the
psychological mind fuck that goes on
when you're attempting to do anything
whether it's stand-up comedy or I guess
it would probably the same with almost
any art form you're especially
open-ended art form where you don't have
a boss who's telling you hey you know no
matter you got to get this fucking
project in at 3 o'clock yeah you know
like that's it that's the crazy thing
it's like you forget or like what people
don't know is that comedy is the most
entrepreneurial endeavor there is you
fucking there and that's why everyone
thinks they could do it because there's
no capital investment of fuck it's all
just mental investment in hard work and
well everybody thinks they can do it
because they do most of it see most of
it is just talking yeah so like I could
talk I could talk how come I can't talk
like I've made people have do it I'm
funny at the office
dude I'm funny all the time I'm gonna do
stand-up like how many people have you
heard say I think I'm thinking about
doing stand-up and you're like oh god
I'm like good luck man you know because
some people I'm like I know they have
the work ethic to do whatever the fuck
that if like if my friends were super
successful in most other endeavors like
that they do like finance or doctors or
whatever applied the same work ethic to
comedy they might be successful yeah if
they're funny but a lot of people think
they're funny and then just forget that
fucking the work part whereas a psych yo
fuck this is slave shit yeah you know
and there's no one whipping you the only
one no one but yourself yeah it's just
you'll get the fucking work done it's
also you're the writer the producer and
you're the actor you're the person who
does the whole thing the marketing
expert you got a Mele about yeah it's
all fucking you it's a weird gig and you
have to be a self-starter because if
you're not the type of person that knows
how to motivate yourself and get out of
bed and get things done
you'll just fucking laying around till
3:00 in the afternoon then you go eat a
sub and have a cup of coffee and then
and then the amount my sets in two hours
I think I'm gonna take a nap you feel
like you did something because you wrote
some shit in your moleskin foot right
before you went up one moleskin three
years ten words on it yeah yeah it's
it's a there's no there's no fucking
structure to it either in terms of like
there's no education that you can get
other than self education you can't go
to if you want to learn how to play the
cello
you could take lessons yeah someone will
teach you how I mean you there's a real
clear process between you know being a
symphony violinist like going to school
getting an education in music becoming a
symphony violinist there's audition
being Asian yeah you said something
about an ethnicity it must be bad I mean
there's no real clear process to
becoming a stand-up comedian right just
everybody's like what do you do you go
to an open mic figure it out yeah you're
on your own everybody just wants you to
get it just tell me how you go from
doing comedy to becoming a writer for
SNL is there a shortcut
call this number yeah and say this is
Lauren's number yeah you tell you tell
them one joke and if he laughs you're
hired it's that then you're in yeah yeah
there's no there's no way to teach
someone how to be a comic either that's
the other thing like the way you do
jokes is
different than the way he Jaime would do
jokes or different than the way you know
fucking Judah Friedlander would do jokes
everybody's different yeah and there's
no one no one is right like if you went
over Judah Freelanders act and went no
man you're doing this shit all wrong
he's gotta have actual punchline you're
just saying a bunch of shit that's not
true you gotta stop this is very fucking
good he's the man he's hilarious
but his act is uniquely him yeah you
could never teach anybody how to do that
no like that act he had to figure that
act out on his own he's developed it so
well yeah I mean yeah that's the thing
yeah I think like with comedy the heart
that crazy shit is is that everyone
thinks they could do it in the sense
that like oh I could tell a joke and I
could yeah sure a lot of people can tell
a joke my mom can tell a joke my dad
everyone can tell a joke because it's
written in shit but it's so hard to
cultivate who you are because that's
you're also doing that yeah you're like
trying to figure out okay I got a bunch
of fucking insane shit in my brain and
this is how I think it I got to figure
out how I'm gonna say it that's not
necessarily how everyone else would say
it but it's how I feel about it and I'm
gonna say it that way and then you have
to take into account the economy of
words you want to sneak it up on people
you want to get the idea into their head
before they figured it out on their own
yeah so like boom like it pops they're
like ah like that's right yeah you gotta
you want it's like a little race like
that you have to figure out a way to
introduce it in a way that's unique and
captivating and entertaining but also
quick enough to get into their brain
before they figure out where you're
going yeah that's the worst thing is
when you see guy on stage and like oh I
know where this is going and then he
gets there and then a few people
hahahaha because they're from here what
took so long I was there yesterday I saw
it coming from the moment you unless
they can say it and you see it coming it
still hits you because it's so good it's
so stupid
really good writing and the good
delivery and a good idea you know but
it's also on the other hand I mean we're
talking about how hard it is it's also
the most fun shit of all time when it
works
oh yeah there's no mops off when you had
a
have a new bit and you have the that
pause right before you deliver and you
like and I told him that's not real and
then ever goes back oh I got to hear the
beginning of this you you hit these
punchlines and the whole audience laughs
and roars and they're having a good time
and it's one of the greatest feelings in
life it's because because you you know
but you don't know until it comes out of
your mouth and you're like oh I did that
well it's also you're making people feel
good yeah like there's something about
looking out you know you go to the
improv last night a hundred ninety
people in that room and you're looking
out into the audience all these people
are having a great time they're laughing
having so much fun I got all your
numbers I got all you know I got feeling
at you I know what you know which is and
know why you're laughing at this I know
why you're not laughing at something I
know who you are a little aspect of who
you are because you're laughing at this
bit and what you've been through and
you're given them a good feeling yeah
you're giving them a good thing it's a
good exchange like they came to see you
like they sat down there let they're
willing to let you talk in front of a
microphone raised above them on a stage
yeah right this is a very unique
arrangement in human beings yeah that
this person like please welcome Jamie
Vernon he goes up on the stage gets up
to hey everybody and the like this is a
it's an exchange it's a unique contract
where you're like okay I'm gonna give
this person who has a microphone ten
minutes of my time yeah my precious time
yeah and in that ten minutes you've got
to make me feel better about my life
that's not that's nothing or escape my
life or whatever it is people see well
you're making him feel good like when I
go to see a comic and they they kill
like say I Dave Attell goes on stage
he's killing I'm feeling better yeah
because of his laughs because of his
jokes when he's cracking jokes about
things I'm like I got feel good it gets
in your body yeah like he's they're
giving you a little drug yes you know
yeah I mean we're drug dealers look if
you could get a drug if you could go to
the 7-eleven and it was an
over-the-counter thing maybe 7,000 jobs
why you saying seven let's convenient
store that is um that could've been a
big faux pas I'm offended okay store 24
but if you you could buy something over
the counter and it was a laughter drug
we could just take a pill and everything
would be hilarious and funny like not
everybody would take that yeah so
greatest feeling ever
mmm you'd laugh at something and you you
think it's really funny and nothing
happens to you there's no negative side
effects to any happens I mean your girl
might be mad at you feel a bit something
I suppose
that's that's funny you know when you
see girls getting upset and guys
laughing my face because you could like
like even last night you could you could
see their couples and you tell a total
joke and I could see what girl is
looking at what guy versus what guy is
just like laughing it up yeah I have a
fiance now but we got engaged like three
or four weeks ago and I do this bit
about it where I'm just like um the one
that she got mad at me because I closed
the door too loud because she was
sleeping and I was drunk and I came home
I just accidentally closed the door and
I was like that's how you like the bit
is I say you know there's two ways to
close the door as a man there's a
regular way just close it like you've
been taught your whole life and then
there's another way if you live with
your girlfriend you come home like she's
sleeping you got to turn the doorknob
push it into the frame and then release
it so it doesn't make a noise or a
relationship might end and you see guys
let's go and girls going that's how you
got to do and just like that to me is
like the best where it's like I know
everything that these motherfuckers are
going through in this fucking moment and
uh and like they're gonna go home and
talk about see I told you that the doors
shit was too loud no that's the fucking
that's my favorite part of doing any bit
where it's like you could see a couple
just react to some shit well I feel
sorry for people that don't have a job
where they can be creative I really do I
think whatever you're doing whatever it
is if you're a person who enjoys
creating things it's one of the most
rewarding feelings of building something
that wasn't there before yeah and then
I'll sentence there and you made it it's
like there's it's very hard like
completing an act like if you have used
start a set have you recorded anything
yet like a special no no I did a spot-on
Seth Meyers and like July of last year
first my first arms counting okay on TV
how was that was a weird no I mean he
seems like a nice content is the man I
love Seth I mean I I met him before cuz
I had updates so he came upstairs and
like hang out would it come hang out
with us the show itself was great you
know the process with with the Booker
there it was like very simple because
they're like big fans of comedy like
Seth it's obviously a fan of comedy and
but the lady that books the show is also
a big fan of comedy so I was a bit
nervous just come because like my first
time going on in front of like millions
of people whatever eleven people watch
that and I was like I gotta make sure
that my writing and my jokes come off as
fucking strong as possible
and it went great you know there's
obviously some people trolls like
talking shit on YouTube but for the most
part it's fucking it's so tough not to
it's it's so tough you're smart with the
thing that you're doing with the
Instagram where you delete it every day
and then I can't download I got it I got
a check like if anyone's hit me up for a
gig or some shit but otherwise I'm just
like I fucking hate that's what I do
I just don't I mean you just develop
habits ya know like but the problem is
it's an itchy thing like you start you
get itchy
yes take those times and just go over
your notes yeah when you get itchy and
you want to look at your phone like who
said this someone said it someone said
it really recently oh I wanna fuck it up
somebody said this in a tweet I want to
say it was Ted Alexandro no mark Normand
was mark Normand he went up after I did
I did this I did talking about Columbia
at one night at the cellar and he went
up after me and he goes I don't know why
the right knee messed up now he's been
bombing for years funny man but he he
did a joke about how checking the
Twitter is like opening up an empty
refrigerator and
hoping that there's something new in
there then it never is he just got fuck
let me check again something in there
it's like that same feeling I watched
his joke ruin it but I got it but that's
yeah that is really what it is it's this
weird compulsion this instantaneous
gratification thing that you're getting
off of some weird dopamine hit but by
touching that device and and getting
information to pop up but it's not
satisfying there's nothing there nothing
yeah you've been never been in Safari a
safari yeah no Africa you mean yeah you
know you gotta go I went in a prospect
mom I'm at SNL money's gone on
engagement ring fucking yeah I surprised
expensive and I I don't mean that sound
fuck you and one of those open-air Jeeps
yo you it's like that's when up until
like April I went in April I was just
like like addicted to my phone but like
using it too much more or less but in
Botswana where we went obviously there's
no servers to anything I'm just like
fuck this shit and like the week even
though just a week of not like being on
this thing I was just like feels so much
better you're you you can think yeah and
like the whole time you're you're in an
open-air car and just like out and just
like was the last time you drove for
like an hour and there was nothing but
like noise of what were like animals and
shit you know I mean there's nothing but
this like you the air and just like
hanging out just thinking shit yeah I
hunt in every year I do three or four
trips where like for a week basically
lost in the woods disconnected it's the
best yeah it's the fucking yes
what's interesting even in the hunting
world a lot of people are like
instagramming while they're hunting and
they're doing insta stories while
they're out there in the forest yeah
it's good when there's no connection
when there's no service and no
connection it's good you could just
leave this shit away I broke my phone
when I was in Hawaii and I was there I
was on lanai which is a kind of a remote
island it's hard to get things there and
so I I just kept dropping my iPhone I
drop drop that shit like 10 times and I
dropped it and it's just started making
phone calls I got hold it up it just i
got open up my
contacts go watch this and I was showing
my wife it just starts calling people
like an that hangout that's called
another person great bug that's call
another person hangout I just broke it
it was just Jack so I had to order a new
one and then it got to a point where it
wouldn't let me input my my code and it
wouldn't recognize my face it was like
it was dead it was like you just fried
it took three days to get one so for
three days I had no phone and it was
great it was great I felt better I felt
better yeah was walking around but then
I was like I can't wait to get my phone
yeah why I feel good without it everyone
around people you love the people you
need to reach like it's like yeah what
what you're not missing anything from
will not missing anything but you feel
like you are yeah I gotta check Twitter
it's like yeah go on Instagram
it's we're addicted to it to a point
where it's like it feels like cigarettes
in the 50s where it's like no one here
it is mark Normand social media is like
looking the fridge over and over you
know there's nothing good but you check
it so many times that eventually you
start consuming things you don't even
like yeah Oh even better
there we go story ring tweet left over
thousand six hundred and thirty likes
son is gonna go up a lot now yeah but
yeah it's uh it's and my real fear is
that this is one stage of a complete
connection to electronics and to each
other that's unhealthy and unproductive
and unavoidable because I don't think
we're gonna end with social media like
Twitter and Instagram or it's like you
can just press a button get it it's
gonna be completely connected to your
brain yeah we're gonna have that fairly
soon I feel like within the next ten
years that's gonna be a normal thing
that you could just pull up information
instantaneously it's almost like the
phone that of the watch thing feels
almost you wearing a digital watch no
this is regular watches my dad's rato
from like nineteen eighty-something
system they make such cool digital
watches now a lot of them look like that
yeah
they look cool now yeah but it that's I
think the next step is like oh I can
just do this I don't got a what's the
prompt you it's like you can't reach in
your pocket to check your shit I got
my phone watch whatever the fuck they
call that thing i watch and I wore it
twice yeah when I doing with this thing
they don't even like it buzzes oh okay
cool this person text me you still got a
fucking going this thing to say yeah I'm
right this it's enough a phone is enough
I mean the only thing that's good for is
your heart rate you like monitors your
heart weight when you run it's good for
that all the rest thing yeah Oh watch it
also logs the amount of time and miles
that you put in and your your heart rate
variability you know that stuff this is
some good aspects to it in terms of a
fitness tracker mm-hmm but other than
that it's like what and what are you
doing yeah what's going I don't know
like I don't run so well for me when
Ilan was on the podcast he was talking
to me about his neural link thing that
he's gonna be coming out with he said
back then and this was what was that
three months ago yeah somewhere around
three months ago he said that they were
gonna be coming out with it within four
to six months
so that's any day now I don't know what
the fuck this is but he said essentially
it's gonna it's gonna open up the
bandwidth between you and information
that's gonna radically change the way
human beings information it the way
human beings access information it's
like a internet thing and tell me
Hollywood tells no link nor a link yeah
because it's on you know we were on air
when he was saying it yeah but you
hardly trust him to be a phenomenal a
net positive for the universe a hundred
percent you know it's like like
Zuckerberg and like other time like a
net isn't that negative force like they
are the reasons they're a lot of the
reason why the society has gone the way
it has like because you can confirm
whatever the fuck but Elon I'm like yeah
man why not fucking build a car that you
don't need any gasoline for why not
fucking send shit to the space what you
know yeah I think he's a net positive
force I'm 100% convinced he's in that
positive mmm I think he's a legitimate
genius I don't think a lot of them yeah
I think Mark Zuckerberg is a smart guy
who's very ambitious I think there's a
big difference yeah and when Zuckerberg
squat that I've read recently that
what's good for the world is not
necessarily good for Facebook I'm like
that's it shut it down they said that
yeah
or burn it to the ground let's pull out
pull out pull out he's what the fuck did
you just say with a CH how much money do
you have Jesus first of all don't you
have like 18 billion dollars how much
more do you need bitch yes sitting over
here talking about what's good for
Facebook is not necessarily good for
them you got all the good you got all
the good for 18 fucking hundred
lifetimes yeah Jesus Christ he said that
that's crazy
exactly that my favorite Zuckerberg joke
I was at we were at update and this is
when Zuckerberg is being grilled by
Congress yeah and when you sip this yeah
and Chris Rock comes by and he goes and
you know I didn't like about that trial
there's nothing worse than watching
someone being grilled by Congress when
there's no steaks nothing happens to
Mark Zuckerberg if even if the shit goes
worse for him you know like nothing
happens to that guy right that's my fate
like I'm just like you never think about
it that way when nothing happens to him
if if even if Facebook blows up well
here's what could happen if Facebook
intentionally colluded if there was some
sort of proof that they received some
financial compensation to lean one way
or the other is that that was I think
it's percolating right now no but it
could be uh-huh
this is what they were searching for
well they're searching for us what they
were trying to find out how is it that
these Russian BOTS are able to
disseminate propaganda so readily and so
easily and so efficiently what are you
doing stop that how is all this stuff
propagated like where's this coming from
yeah and the people that were asking
were techno ignorant and that was part
of the problem yeah that Congress so
like it was like Google makes the iPhone
how come my niece has got bad words on
her iPhone
and that someone has to tell them Google
doesn't make the iPhone the whole place
roars like when you can get Congress to
laugh like everybody's laughing oh what
a fucking idiot you are yeah these are
the people that are asking the questions
that's terrifying exactly you know EU
needs people
like Ars Technica you need people from
like you know
CNET you need people from you need
fucking techno guys yeah people men and
women who really understand technology
should be throwing those questions
around Asians yeah and people with
autism you need people that really truly
understand what the complications are
what what the ramifications are and what
they could have done to prevent these
things I think that what happened with
Facebook and what's happening with
Twitter and a lot of these other things
there's no one anticipated the impact
culturally they were going to have that
you're talking about this the other day
about with Sam J like maybe a few months
ago but like how it's the
democratization of information and how
easy it is to pretend like you know what
you're talking about that's like the
majority the problem like Facebook
Twitter all this shit because it used to
be all you you needed infrastructure to
spread news you need a fuckin truck
and you know Factory now you don't even
need pants you could just fuck you just
got to put like a weird fucking eagle on
your website and it's like this is the
fucking news now and even have to have a
website is a popular Twitter account yet
there's a lot of people out there that
have popular Twitter accounts and when
you go to the Twitter account and I
there's a quite a few people that I
follow that I don't follow what that
means is I bookmarked their page so they
don't even know that I follow them
because they're fucking insane uh-huh I
don't want him sending me DMS and I'll
go and read their stuff and they are on
there all day yeah man all day they're
doing battle against the good and the
bad and dark forces and the light
they're just fucking going after it and
they develop these sort of news portal
pages yeah and you don't even know who
the fuck these people are you don't know
anything about them but their page or
it's all battling and I know I follow
people that are like hardcore right-wing
people that are just battling the left
they're hilarious if there's no silly
and then I follow people that are
hardcore lefties that are battling the
right everyone's a Nazi and everyone's
alright like you're all right for it you
it doesn't matter if you support every
fucking single liberal principle there
is the craziest shit about the
is this whole Colombia shit is that I
was featured on Breitbart they finally
like a brown dude I'm like I cannot be
like I got emails from people at Fox
News like hey do you want to come on
this show I like that Dinesh D'Souza guy
yeah they're that fucking I hate that
guy
I was about to say something bad guys
can't stand that motherfucker
well he's the only brown guy that made
it through him and him and fucking Bobby
Jindal like they're trying to they're
trying to turn me into this motherfucker
I'm like I'm not coming on your fucking
TV show so you can use me as your so you
car good everything's gone amok and PC
put I wish free speech was under attack
cuz like some people need to shut the
fuck up you know I mean like this just
too much shit everyone has a podcast so
show me you don't deserve to speak a lot
of times before fucking it's crazy tell
everybody get a pot to take get a
podcast but now I stop because first of
all I don't think I don't think you can
anymore I think over the last like few
years it's getting so saturated that
it's almost impossible to break through
yeah on top of that it's like some
people I don't want to shit you don't
need everyone's opinion right about it
like you you should have to fucking work
to develop to have the right to have an
opinion about some things well you
should usually definitely should have a
good opinion yeah it should be something
well-thought-out nuanced there's no
nuance anymore either it's because
because everything's got to be black and
white especially with a lot this younger
generation was like if something's not
black and white
it goes fucking arrived for them because
it wanted to be black and white so
they'll create a false narrative where
it is black or white yes that's one
thing you see a lot today where people
pretend that someone is something and
they they do this reductionist thing
where they boil it down to one thing
yeah you know he went on stage and said
anti-gay anti black jokes at Columbia
this guy's a piece of shit all right
fuckin doorway
he's a portal yeah I'm like an Indian
portal to the alt right that's who you
think I am as a magic carpet to the
alright
amen I wish I could I wish I could just
be offended all the time yeah you can
see y'all very hard to hurt my feelings
well your comment yeah it's but like
it's just so crazy I don't find me a
comic it's easy to hurt their feelings
and they fucking suck they suck you have
to it's fuckin but what I was saying is
like with this alt right shit is like
everyone wants to put somebody in and
their own agenda this reduction is shit
I'm just like this is how I feel about
it and look at the points that make me
seem smart and correct about this yeah
and they're trying to do that online in
front of everybody instead of like this
internal examination of their actual
feelings and how they really think about
things and whether or not they make
sense or whether or not it's subjective
instead of that they're broadcasting
this in this sort of weird way yeah
that's at least partially intentionally
deceptive like the the acknowledgement
that there's some that there is nuance
yeah there is you know life is fucking
complicated yeah
and ideas are complicated especially
ideas in terms of you know what when
you're talking about this cultural sort
of battle that's going on right now
between I mean they're attacking people
who are like clearly very left-wing but
for not being left-wing enough yeah
they're running out of targets I will
bother me who someone hit me up saying
you haven't spoke out against the white
supremacists and people that are
harassing this group and these dis
bloggers that's going off like what I'm
like
first like of course I didn't do not
support any white supremacist
anybody fucking going after these kids
for whatever reason what's that the
Asian American alliance like the Asian
American alliance posted some shit on
Facebook and like all these fucking
crazy people have apparently been like
talking shit to them and I'm like that's
I don't succumb to no I condemn that
action but second of all does my mere
existence not testify to the fact that
I'm not I'm not pro you got four ways
yes it's a fun look is my name Nicholas
Patterson fucking me match Patel's the
most Indian motherfucking name I could
think of and like
I'm gonna call up someone at the KKK but
hey hey guys yeah that thank you
that is hilarious that you have not
denounced white supremacist so by your
urine they've decided that you haven't
acted enough sometimes there'll be a
story online and I'll get a tweet will
someone say your silence about this
story is deafening pay attention to half
the shit I can't write keep I cannot
like I someone had to tell me that that
was happening before I was like okay
that's fucking wack and I'll respond
some way also I want to think about
things before I respond yeah you know
when the louis c.k thing went down i got
a lot of angry tweets at them one of
them from a fucking journalist that i've
done stories with i've done interviews
of this guy before and he was talking
shit about comedians that have not
denounced louis c.k yeah no mic hey man
i just like you don't know what really
happened I don't know the whole story
yeah I know what he said and I know what
she said and the whole thing seems to me
like a big old clusterfuck even okay
let's let's put it this way like he like
you can denounce his actions if he said
he did all this shit that he does yes
you that's gross
yeah I think what he did was incorrect
and wrong but the fact that like he you
should announce that he should not be
working again I'm like you forget I'm
also a comic and be murderers make
parole dog like yeah fucking you got
where does it and almost there's there's
some things that you should be way more
upset about how about a Hastur the guy
who's the Speaker of the House who went
to jail for fucking kids
and he molested a bunch of kids and he
only got 15 months what yeah that's why
you know that that's crazy
exactly that's I mean why everybody's
ranting and railing about Louie CK right
not that this diminishes what Louie CK
did right but I'm saying there's some
real Horrors in the world and to choose
to concentrate on a comedian who asked
women can I jerk off in front of you
they said yes and he did it mmm-hmm he
didn't hold anybody in a room against
their will or forced him to watch and
where it's just what he did was just
gross
and he stopped doing it like more than
ten years ago right it's not good but
the fact that someone would think that I
need to make a statement about it like
bitch I don't need to make a statement
about anything I don't need to talk
about anything I don't want to talk
about like who are you
it's so quick we automatically when I
say we I mean people at large sort of
assume the worst about a person
immediately I think it's also this
social media thing yeah it's I don't
think it's they really assume that I
think they just have this opportunity to
express themselves in a way that they're
gonna get a reaction out of you yeah
this is the way to do it I also you know
what's crazy is that like I we've been
harping on this little this younger
generation but I've said some shit I
like seller and vu like very anti-trump
shit and people have been like like one
night vu the sellers one of the other
clubs I said forget what I said about
Trump I basically fat-shaming because I
think he's a fat piece of shit but like
I said that and more articulate what in
the joke form and some guy got up and I
was like fuck this and just bounced and
I'm like that's what you're mad about
you're not mad about the fact that he is
that that your president is a
billionaire that doesn't use his money
just to hire a personal trainer once in
a while like adderall McDonald's diet is
not the way you want your fucking
president to be living his life more or
less and this person just got up and
bounced and was heated and I talked to
him after I was like what what do you
what are you mad about so I think it's
just he say he was like I don't like the
words that you were using it's very
crude from Nebraska Florida look man I'm
not gonna like the words you were using
yet the comedies is vulgar I'm like oh
I'm like doc like come on man you're
like that's what I'm saying I feel like
his fix is like just have a safe space
for comics we're like where there's a
sign that the seller now is a swim at
your own risk you coming down like weird
you're here to see us I'm not here to
fucking song sing and dance for you guys
you guys are here this is an exchange
this is an exchange this is an agreement
that all you have to do is not laugh or
laugh well it's also the people that are
going down to see that stuff that
like it they expect you to do that kind
of comedy right they expect you to go
hard right that's what it's about if I
go there and everybody's pulling back
all the sudden I'm at The Tonight Show
yeah also know I'm at a Jimmy Fallon
monologue like well well well that's
someone I came here for right I came
here to have a couple of drinks and
here's some crazy shit from Greer Barnes
yeah and I mean man this I want to hear
some real stand-up I don't want to hear
this stupid shit right and you know
people that can't handle some offensive
stuff that you shouldn't be at a comedy
club this is where people go to say
offensive stuff that's like you don't
want dirt in your hands and you're in a
garden right like this is stupid
what like manage some expectations yeah
you know just walked like hey but people
politically man when you get into their
you know their team and you're shitting
on their team he's probably a Republican
of course I'm only has brain damage he's
living in Florida waters tough after
means to me it's like it's like
politically like people are are so like
that's part of their personality almost
worth like having I I've done a lot of
political comedy you know and to me it's
like when you do that you're almost
talking to them as as if their politics
are their person like like and that's
the kind of crazy thing like I don't my
politics are not necessarily Who I am as
a human being like I can I'm pretty
liberal when it comes to social issues
but my fairly conservative when it comes
to financial issues and fiscal issues
I'm just like don't take what who I
voted for to be who I am as a human
being like this no one has that nuance
anymore about anything yeah it's an
identity issue people find whatever team
it is whether it's progressive or
conservative and they just decide this
is my identity and they cloak themselves
in it and then they defend it and some
someone that some like yourself is
saying jokes that are contrary to that
yeah I am talking shit about their
quarterback you know you know that
quarterback is about to get fucking pop
to Jesus Christ Jesus Christ man every
day it's like he's still there huh dude
yeah
I've never the fucking last two weeks
I've never like wanted more like Trump
to say something wild just so people
stop fucking just saw it stopped seeing
emails and fucking new Google or it's
about Annie Mitch Patel whatever just
like chocolate this guy's crazy man
well you shouldn't be googling your name
first of all we shouldn't be reading
that stuff I deleted the Google Alerts I
deleted all that she oh it was crazy my
mom once my once my mom I didn't tell my
parents that that should happen
but they heard my my dad works at a
liquor store and someone came in with a
copy of the post and like on the second
page is me it's like that's your son and
then post say they talking shit about
you know they were there or like can you
believe these fucking PC kids good and
then you went in here and then and then
and then I was like it was still dead
because up until that point everyone is
sort of like it's more just like the
pushing the narrative that everyone's
kind of soft right Thursday morning
like 45 days after it happened I got a
text from Lennie Marcus like 8 o'clock
in the morning saying hey man you're
trending on Yahoo I'm trending on Yahoo
trending I'm number one on Yahoo News
Thursday morning and I'm like and then
like that day my mom texted me hey what
happened at Columbia I said I didn't get
in that was the only thing I said and
then she calls me and she's like telling
me like what did you do is your career
okay I'm like I'm fine these kids they
didn't like the joke I said and like I
didn't the real I didn't tell them is it
sold that even for them to get stand-up
has been such an uphill battle
our parents yeah just to be like what
are you doing up until like for the two
years that I was like unemployed and I'm
living at home and going to the city
every night because mom from Jersey so
I'll go a city every night to do
stand-up they're like what the fuck is
what are you doing with your life you
know right right and so even up until
like then it come see me until like 7 7
years in that's good yeah that's good
you get your legs under yeah yeah that
brought him to the cellar was dope you
know my parents came to see me like a
year in this shit
but you can't do that doc oh yeah Joe
we're gonna fix your room up again what
are you doing
cleaning the basement out yeah but so
when my mom saw that she called me and
she's like what happened I'm like my
career's gonna be fine don't worry about
any of that kind of straighter than ever
yeah boots mom yeah it's just this is
this would be a positive thing that
happens I'm going through some shit now
just from like fucking my own hoisted by
my own petard situation like reading the
news and all shit but this would be a
positive thing and like I didn't expect
them to sign it Kotick they got it in
that I was like that's the end of those
like the facts of what happened well
you've got some things on your side
you've got like tangible success yeah
point was like huh seems like I've got
some momentum yeah yeah yeah it's gonna
be hard to stop that train with anything
other than like real catastrophe oh yeah
I mean they also know that I haven't
they all it's also very apparent in
every article that was like printed or
whatever that most people are on my side
so to speak and I'm a hundred percent
confident I did nothing wrong right from
a he was a human being or a comic you
know yeah like maybe reading the room
would have been a thing I did I was like
I was like I know these people these are
my fucking brethren like I'd yeah I
thought I fucking took calculus with you
people like I yeah I know I know the
kind of shit that me as in my Asian
friends and my Indian friends would talk
when we were in fucking school like this
but this is fucking light work right
right and so so maybe that but even then
like no fuck that I'm not gonna fucking
think about that going awry you know
what I mean but I was it that was crazy
yeah it's it's an educational experience
and a net positive overall without a
doubt and it also gives us an
opportunity to make fun of these kids
which I think they need they need to
realize that the world thinks they're
fools yeah like in the eye and I really
believed that all I've read several
articles on your case your situation
rather your case kind of case I got
comedy me too you know all the articles
that I've read were all essentially
positive yeah and they were all you know
mocking these
fucking little children I wanna I want
to say for the record that I this is on
the record I still think that it was I
still think that it's like the minority
of that group especially at Columbia for
sure I'm sure you know like it's just
that they happen to like it's a majority
those kids were like amped and like had
a good time and even if that can happen
the word submerge are a majority can
like you in a minority can stand up and
then the majority doesn't do anything
about it
yes that should hurt my feelings no no
this get those kids saying like let him
stay let him stay but it wasn't like a
chorus which is what I would have hoped
but you know there are little fucking
babies and they need to hear it they
need to hear the little babies because
that's how you grow up you know you you
do something ridiculous and then people
criticize you and then you realize oh
I'm kind of ridiculous yeah let me just
check myself then it hurts your feelings
and you fight it off for a little bit
you try to pretend you battle it but
over all over the course of time you're
gonna absorb that information and
hopefully those kids are gonna grow and
mature yeah I mean I have friends that
were like completely progressive weirdo
crazy off-the-charts like activists ten
years ago and now they're like way way
mellow and they were just like what was
wrong with me
I was virtue signaling I was trying too
hard and they realized like a lot of
what they were doing was just wasting
energy and it was just just a lot of
angst and a lot of just trying to trying
to affect change in order to make
themselves feel better yeah you know I
mean trying to push buttons in order to
validate their existence that's what a
lot of that that that specific instant
like was like it was either like nope we
have an opportunity to assert our sort
of rightness mm-hmm however wrong it is
here and but like this is we're gonna
take a stand and yeah this is what we
I'm like yo just just chill yeah what
the fuck yeah it's there's a lot of
foolishness but this is the world we
live in and I think there's a big part
of that accentuated by the fact that we
have a maniac for president yo yeah
that's that's because they feel like
that evil needs to be combated at every
term because we didn't before and we let
this guy get into offer
now here he is and the Mueller probe and
all this fucking craziness when Obama
was president shit felt a lot cooler
yeah I mean it's like Trump is president
was like oh shit man bunker down you
know we realize all you have to do is be
popular and you could be President like
that's insane yeah it used to be you had
to be qualified we used to think that
you understood national policy foreign
policy you understood defense you
understood exactly what's going on with
the economy basic English yeah yeah
there's no shit she's just trying to
make buddy
yeah and wouldn't you love to be a fly
on the wall I would because what we're
getting all the crazy is him when he
knows cameras are on him oh yeah I would
love to see what he's like alone like
what he's I would love to see him like
watch Fox News I like sitting hours and
cheeseburgers he's a crazy person yeah
it's really weird man it's it's
unnerving and that's what I think like
what a lot of what we're seeing on
especially with this particular thing is
the thing where it's like you you don't
have control and any other facet of your
life and sadly so you're gonna try to
exert it in a way that you think is
positive when in fact you're doing the
opposite of what you you're your liberal
sensibilities are yeah you know I think
it's also a trend and I think that
political correctness and it comes in
waves and it existed it was pretty
pretty strong in the 80s you know a
political correctness was washing over
people in the 80s and yeah Charlie
destroy rap and shit and it's coming
back it'll go away again
people get sick of it and they'll be
ridiculous and people will rebel against
political correctness and it but I think
overall the culture is trying to adjust
its trying to self adjust we're trying
to the actual culture that as a whole is
trying to eliminate racism and eliminate
sexism and eliminate bias which are good
noble goals they're good noble goals
right but along the ways you have these
polar extremes of people that are doing
it wrong poor execution yeah terrible
execution understanding and it's also
strange to me it's like what utopia are
you
trying to create by silencing stuff
because just because you do that just
because you say oh you can't say racist
shit doesn't mean it goes away or you
can't say sexy shit doesn't mean it's a
that's more like you're treating the
symptom and not the disease right but in
their defense talking about very
specific platform right and this is a
stage
if you had actually said something
actually racist right then it would make
sense that hey we don't want anybody
telling racist 100% right yeah so they
but they wanted it to be racist yeah
that's the thing it's like you know just
I can take a minute take a second to
relax and well forget it is that what
utopia have you read about that's ever
been real like every book we read in
high school or college brave new world
Lord of the Flies 1980 or Animal Farm
like The Giver which we read in fucking
middle school that's all a utopia but
this fucking killing babies and you know
South loved it it's all a fucking false
utopia kind of situation there's there
is hate speech in the world on it you
know you don't want it on your platform
but you got to decide what is hate
speech when is it really hate speech and
when is it just ignorant and sometimes
the best way to combat bad speech is to
let that speech play out and let good
speech overwhelm it with logic and
reason and a better argument and right
that's that's really what freedom of
speech is supposed to be all about that
we work all this out as soon as you
start censoring voices and telling
people that you're not gonna allow them
to talk boy you you start you create
this atmosphere where you can start to
choose what you're gonna allow through
and when you're not gonna allow through
and then you're gonna start censoring
things that are far more subtle
you're gonna start censoring things that
you know they don't seem reasonable
but you've decided that it's already
okay to censor so you've censored this
person now you gonna censor the next
worst thing you're gonna go down the
line until it's just people to disagree
with you and then you're like oh well my
world is perfect now in fact it's
actually just a bunch of people that are
talking shit about you you you just
don't happen to know about it are you
familiar what's with what's going on
with patreon with know is that there's
like and that's like the bunch vodcast
pay form thing or you can pay for shit
with patreon or what
yeah you can pay for things but it's not
necessarily just for podcast but people
do use it for podcasts but they use it
for many things okay but there's this
guy his name is Karl Benjamin and he
goes by the name of Sargon our Cod and
he considers himself a would you call
classic British liberal okay
which is more leans more conservative
than our idea of what a liberal is but
essentially it's more of a like a
libertarian tort
how would you how would you describe a
classic British liberal look what would
be the definite like Google that first
the name would be Carl Benjamin I mean
that's a strong name
well sargon of akkad is his his screen
name and he has a YouTube channel and he
said something on a podcast not even his
own he was a guest on another channel
and he said something about white
supremacists he was talking about these
white supremacists that are acting up
and doing all these horrible things and
he said and this is it's a poorly formed
thought but what he said was you guys
are being niggers always you act like
white niggers this is his word GZ see
this is what he's saying you're acting
like a bunch of niggers just so you know
you act like white niggers I'm sorry if
you heard that word and so offending you
right now ladies and gentlemen I'm just
reading said exactly how you described
black people acting is the impression I
get dealing with the alt-right I'm
really I'm just not in the mood to deal
with this kind of disrespect so that's a
very very it's a very poorly thought-out
way of expressing himself that's what
I'm thinking I'm reading this and I
think also sometimes people like using
that word to shock yeah and they think
they can get away with it and you know
when you're using it what's this what's
this incontinence or context of this
here's it but you also said here look
you carry on but you don't expect me to
have a debate with one of your faggots
like why would I bother okay now that is
more egregious right because that is I
mean and if you're you're you know just
dealing with censoring words there's not
he's not using that saying you are
acting like the way you
all gay people right you know he's not
saying that he's like calling someone a
gay slur yeah he's saying it again and
again so this was just what they had
decided to use now I don't agree with
any of these things he said this what
I'm reading this I'm like this is these
are poorly thought-out arguments this is
a poorly thought-out sentence it's not
well just stop scrolling there for a
second put that back up it's not it's
not well thought-out not at all not good
so they've but this has nothing to do
with his patreon page doesn't even have
to do with his his channel this is
something he made this comment as a part
of a longer wide-ranging interview with
a youtuber named Michelle Kaitlyn and
Catelyn and you can watch the full
interview on this it says chatting with
sargon of akkad about the liberalist
community so he you know it was
free-flowing many he said a bunch of
really stupid things that but what he
was trying to say is that these people
are behaving exactly the way they do
when they try to say racist things about
black people yeah essentially they're
behaving exactly the way they're
describing yeah race in a racist way on
example yeah it's just not well thought
out I mean but this guy needs a class
and how to fucking be articulate I mean
Jesus Christ that's that's what I'm
getting from this patron decided to
remove him because of that uh-huh and
there's many people that feel like
that's not exactly why they did it that
they were looking for an excuse and it's
really because of his anti liberal bias
so they a lot of people are disgusted by
the idea that patreon is now censoring
voices and the deciding who should or
should not be able to receive donations
from their fans based on their own
personal political biases so this is the
argument now
and it's it's an interesting thing
that's popped up because people like Sam
Harris who is very left I mean he gets
accused of ping all right which is kind
of hilarious but he's very progressive
and you know he's a public intellectual
and he's decided that this is a moment
where he is going to pull his patreon
account down because he doesn't like the
way they are choosing to censor people
and D platform people based entirely on
something that has nothing to do with
anything he's done on their platform and
it's something to do was something that
was out there on another channel so it's
one of those weird little battleground
situation but do you think like the
patrons of private enterprise right yes
so they can do whatever the fuck they
want though essentially they can and did
so then people can decide that they
don't want to deal with patreon because
Patriot doesn't support free speech
uh-huh so because free speech the
argument would go that free speech is
not just supporting speech that you
agree with for a true free speech is
letting people express themselves right
now the way he expressed himself they're
not very good clumsy
right right heavier that's an
understatement though yeah like your
thoughts on it this year you've never
seen this before now what are your
thoughts on it I'm like to use I mean
it's such a that choice of words is such
a way to just if I'm if I'm person
reading that I'm like my immediate my
goes you said what you can't like it's
such an offensive word where you're
gonna even go there it immediately
distracts from the point that you're
trying to make so that's a good way of
putting you know it's it's such like a
you just need you need like I don't
think that guy I don't know if he's
racist or not but like I don't think he
is but your immediate reaction is like
this guy you can't do that that's right
you have you have fundamentally
destroyed whatever point you were trying
to make because of your choice it's like
you could be trying to save I can't
think of the analogy now but like it's
it's such a distracting choice of words
yeah that's a great way of putting it
you know yeah it's like he could have
said and by the way like all
conversations including this one
like I'm trying to formulate these
opinions on the fly so are you yeah that
was what he was doing on the fly I don't
think there's anything he prepared so I
think you mean that wasn't vetted he's
gone over that with a fucking
highlighter that is the key points and
once I hit there's have been a few
websites I was trying to look up the
ones exactly but I know for instance on
Twitch
in the last year they've changed things
on the Terms of Service that kind of
what you do broadly yes affects what you
do on anyone's account the problem with
that what you're just saying right now
is the guy who's a CEO of patreon
actually went on Dave Rubens show the
Reuben report and said that they're only
concerned with things that happen on
patreon and that that's what they focus
on then they changed that after this
because here's the problem like I see
their point with this this particular
thing that this guy said I see how they
find that offensive and if that becomes
a thing that he does more than once and
becomes a thing that he uses that all
the time and uses that kind of that kind
of language in that context a lot it's
like hmm
this is not it's clunky it's not it's
not a wise choice of words it's it's
sloppy and it's it's kind of lazy right
and also it's kind of racist yeah but
it's why is it racist
well it's racist because what he's doing
is attacking people who are racists by
saying and he could have done it this
way right he could have said you people
rally on about black people and call
them this and you say they're doing that
this is what you do right you are
exactly what you're the only thing
that's missing is that you don't have
the right pigment to receive your own
hate your own self hate right you're
doing the very things that you accuse
that you in a racist way accuse black
people of doing it's stupid that but
it's the way to combat that I don't when
you start censoring people and take
away their ability to make a living by
expressing themselves I just don't think
that's the way to go because you're just
gonna receive backlash that's that's the
thing it's one of those that's that's
one of those instances where it's like
you've said a trigger word that is
clearly a trigger word and what you just
said is the way he should have said what
he wanted to say right in hindsight if
you gave him an opportunity like you say
hey Karl here's a time machine or I go
back right before you said that and say
to get what I'm paid tree on the like
I'm reading their stance on it mm-hmm as
a web site they don't host anything like
to say that it's something that's
happening nobody do post logs like
Jordan Peterson wrote a blog on patreon
but that's what most of their content is
links from other websites they have to
take into account what you're creating
as a creator anywhere
almost right this is him as a creator
though this was him a guest on someone
else's show so this is not something
that's his own content that he put out
there they're stances that he
collaborates with other creators and
this would be considered a collaboration
yeah I see that point I do not think
that it's a wise thing to censor him
though do you get that motherfucker a PR
coach dog writes a very least maybe that
this is the first dance which I think
they're saying it is definitely a
warning or maybe yeah but here's the
thing man
here's a fan temporary ban what do you
but here's the thing what he does is
he's he's he's a commentator he sees
life and he talks about it and I've
listened to a lot of his stuff and it's
very good he's a smart man a lot of it's
very good this is not very good so the
right way when it comes to these things
is let the people who contribute to his
patreon decide that they don't like what
he's doing so they're no longer gonna
subscribe that's the correct use of the
platform the platform exists because
people who are fans are able to
contribute that I say nimesh I really
like what you do I'm gonna send you a
hundred dollars every month and if
someone wants to do that they can do
that and there's a lot of people that do
do that when you say something that
makes them offended that makes them
realize you're sloppy with your words
that makes them feel like you're a fool
they go you know what I'm not sending
that fucking guy money yeah the
marketplace talking nonsense and then
they pull back if you lost 30% of his
market because of that and then a bunch
of blogs are written about how stupid
what he said was that's the correct
response correct I think I don't think
pull but the problem with pulling out is
then guys like Sam Harris are pulling
out and they've lost somewhere around
20% of all their patreon accounts
because of this oh she does there's been
a backlash and by the way a backlash
that's primarily coming from people who
don't agree with what that guy said but
do agree that it's a very slippery slope
to start censoring people that's a good
moral stance to take yeah like it's that
kind of like I I forget which political
figure said is like I do not agree with
what you're saying but I will die defend
fighting abilities ability to say it yes
I think that's it's important because
the only way that ideas get worked out
is through discussion and as soon as you
silenced voices then you no longer have
that discussion now to YouTube's credit
he's still up on YouTube okay because
this was a talk that he had that's
available on YouTube you can listen to
it on YouTube he still has his YouTube
account and he's still able to you know
the some one of the things that we're
seeing with deep platforming is it's
sort of a cascading effect so Domino's
Twitter takes you down and then Facebook
takes you down and was a guy not
Limbaugh but some other right-wing or
that got like said some shit and they
Gavin McGinnis yeah they thought boys
guy they took him off of everything
yeah he's off everything yeah yeah and
that's that's that and with him it's
even what was he he's like a hate speech
guy isn't he's like fucking inciting
violence and whatever he definitely did
incite violence in that he wanted these
proud boys to fight against an Tifa and
he felt like the ante for people were
thugs and that they showed up a
conservative events and they threatened
violence and then he won the proud boys
to fight them I actually had him on my
podcast long before any of this shit
went down when I didn't even know what
the fuck
the proud boys was and I was asking him
I knew him as the co-founder of vice
right and I know knew him as what I
would basically say is he he was
essentially who's a shit talker he's a
provocateur he was a clever provocateur
and was a kind of a funny guy like he
came the last time he came on the show
he was dressed like Michael Douglas from
falling down
he had the fucking briefcase and
everything in the crazy tie and yeah I
mean he's duped but he did it on purpose
he said he's dressing like Michael
Douglas from falling down like he's he's
a guy who would trick people into coming
in and talking with him on his YouTube
channel and they thought that he was
liberal or progressive and then he would
you know he would basically talked him
into a corner like some Sacha Baron
Cohen Borat shit or algae you know in a
way yeah he was doing a lot of that and
there was some of it was very clever I
was doing on his YouTube channel then he
got into this whole proud boys thing and
we there's a video you can watch the
bizarre origins of the proud boys from a
podcast that I did with Anthony ku Mia
from Opie and Anthony okay and he
explains how the proud boys initially
were just a joke it's it's a it was
literally a joke and they did it to make
fun of a guy that was one of the was he
one of their interns yeah it's kind of a
crazy story Matt and then that shit took
a real life of its own and now they're
fucking jr. take a cake under yeah
exactly that's crazy they they be they
all of a sudden it got away from him and
they became an organisation where you
could just join so all these people join
and then they act as a proud boy and
they were beating people up and all this
other crazy shit and he double down on
that he got out he quit he denounced his
position in the party you realized like
his life is falling apart yeah he's
being labeled as you know they were they
falsely claimed the FBI labeled him as a
hate crime but they didn't but the
Southern Poverty Law Center did label
them as a hate crime and several other
organizations did as well but the
Southern Poverty Law Center and they've
had some pretty crazy shit that they've
said as well okay they're a serious
liberal progressive organization that
occasionally overstepped the boundaries
of logic and reason they
but he what he did was start an
organization and I had a joke about
about vegans my joke about vegans was
the problem with vegans is a problem
with any other group if you get a group
of a hundred people what are the odds
that one of them is gonna be a fucking
idiot well that's a hundred percent
right right if we're being like really
charitable one out of a hundred is a
fucking moron so if you get a group like
vegans we're just anyone can join and
you have there's 300 million people in
this country that means there's three
million fucking idiots that's generous
and a lot of them are vegan and this is
the joke was that the problem is not the
actual people with good ethics and
morals that don't want animals to suffer
the problem is you let a bunch of people
with no identity join your gang right
and then they become a part of this
plant-based gang that's the same thing
with the proud boys I think some of them
probably went into it thinking it was a
goof and they were gonna go there and
they thought these nt4 assholes
these 90 pound dorks swinging by clocks
at people and calling everybody a Nazi
and a fascist and trying to shut down
every single conservative speech there
was at any any sort of university
these people were preposterous they were
calling Ben Shapiro and Nazi he's a
fucking Jewish man who wears a yarmulke
I mean it's crazy to call him a Nazi
it's completely insane yes so he's
conservative they all write in the alt
left almost right yes exactly and so
their idea was to have something that
would be there to balance out the alt
left and it got out of control and so he
denounced it and he stepped away from it
pulled away but it's too late because
he's now what you said see you don't
know him but you said he's the hate
speech guy you said he's that guy is
that hey that's how everybody's gonna
see him right so look if you found out
your sister was dating him you like what
you're dating the hate speech guy like
that's who he is and like no no no it's
not that it's like it got away from him
it's just it became this it wasn't him
anymore
with all these people that joined it
were actual racist too late yeah doesn't
matter too late there's no room for that
in this world I'm out the game yeah yeah
so any all these other groups
hat once he started getting deep
platformed these other groups got
pressure 2d platformer him because I
said hey you keep the hate speech guy
you're telling me that hate speech guys
on YouTube and they're like fuck okay we
got to take him off and so that this
domino effect does seem to take place so
with this sargon of akkad thing though
it doesn't seem to be taking place with
him because people are examining what he
said they're saying well this is a
sloppy use of these words it's not wise
what he did but I do not think he's a
racist right and I don't think he was
promoting racism what he was doing was
he was using words poorly lawfully but
yeah I mean that's what he's guilty of
yeah that's the I mean that's a that's a
good sign he's not being deep platform
then if like like if people are taking a
beat to realize like like oh I don't
hate gays and blacks like that's that's
the point that the whole this whole
thing has been a lesson in patience and
that's good to hear that like this guy
is being afforded some patience about
but in their defense he's already been
kicked off of Twitter he'd been kicked
off a Twitter before I don't know what
for though do you know what he got
kicked off a Twitter for he got kicked
off a Twitter previously so he already
had that scarlet mark you know there was
already people are already looking at
him you mean he's been inarticulate on
Twitter before no I don't know what he
had done if you'd they determined that
he had harassed somebody what's that
this could be a new account I guess he's
on right now is it a new account it
might be how many two followers is yeah
thirteen thousand yeah that's probably
knew he had a lot more than that he must
have I wonder if he started a new
account
I figure permanently banned count see
yeah he's permanently banned in April
oh so it's pretty old ain't that funny
April 2017 is millions years ago now
uh-huh the new cycles so fast
it's too fast it's weird right it's it's
dude I'm telling you when I was at the
show it was like a story would be hot
Monday morning and then Tuesday morning
is like what happened
no no one gives a shit no gives a shit
that's
the more interesting things about this
whole Trump story with especially the
Mueller probe is that there's been so
many of those quick stories that have
just piled up like you remember that
family where the the son died in Iraq
and yeah and he didn't sorry I mean cut
you off he was he'd said something he
had mocked somehow another mocked the
family and people like this guy and be
and a lot of people thought that was
gonna be the end of him and it's just
like these things sort of pile out of
the pakistani-american
yeah yes yeah and there's been so many
of those stories that but accumulative
they they're they are starting to pile
it's just little much it's little drops
that are coming now they'll take he can
he's been able to sort of roll with
those punches and just sort of slide
them off kind of but if this Mueller
thing what I really like about the
Mueller thing is that it's been a real
slow build and you get little hints of
what's going on but it's been like the
you know we were talking about this at
the show while I was there it's like FBI
don't fucking they build a case
yeah they take the fucking time and they
got all the time and money in the world
to build and when they come they don't
come like yeah it's not like a they come
a heavy that it's that they're knocking
on doors they're coming a hundred deep
and that's what it's gonna be 0 to 600
like yeah like that and that's gonna be
interesting to see what happened
especially Mueller you look at that guy
as I calculated assassin that is he has
taken his fucking time that's gotta be
killing Trump he doesn't take shit and
that the beauty of with it Mueller's
that you know he's an independent guy
yeah he don't take shit from nobody
well the crazy thing was that Trump was
literally considering firing him yeah
but everyone's like someone was like a
man you you cannot do that you cannot do
that that you fired Comey that's when I
realized like wow like this guy could
just do that you could just fire the
head of the FBI test and you just you're
gonna do this yeah can I get rid of the
Attorney General that I think
was supposed to be on my side but
sessions yeah but he finds out oh no
Jeff is also there's races as he is is a
man of high ethical standards when it
comes like I'm not gonna fucking dude
I'm I may hate minorities but I've
respected the law you know like that's
that's Jeff Sessions did you find out
what happened there wasn't a really good
explanation of it it was just one of
those things like he had a I think he
had a debate with Baked Alaska and then
the next day he was gone with no real
explanation of why he broke the private
said some anti Sam and shit meme guy
okay was just a meme guy but now he's
essentially become this like really
right-wing sort of he's he's kind of in
the info wars camp as well right
but Baked Alaska has come up with some
fucking hilarious memes oh okay some of
his memes are hilarious he had one with
Alex Jones
he had a bunch of him like that I've
been out the game for that like the meme
games just all of it like I'm so I feel
old you know as an interesting lay
lawful is the same far-right far-right
neo-nazi what he's a neo-nazi mom what
kind of name is aunt and team a and team
a kind of name is Dinesh proud all right
man let's wrap this bitch up I gotta get
the fuck out of here but sure I think
overall man I think you handled this
really well thank you very much this is
definitely a positive for your career
yeah thank you funny dude you just
continue keep on moving on Thank You Man
appreciate you brother my pleasure
thank you thank you - Thank You Man Oh
tell people how to get to your Instagram
your Twitter all that jazz yeah sure I'm
at Finding Nemo
on Instagram Twitter I have like ten
files because I hate Twitter and then
I'll be I'll be at the punchline in
Philly December 27th through December
29th beautiful go there and snatch the
mic from
oh man that's gonna happen
[Music]